;; -*- mode: emacs-lisp -*-
;; This file is where Emacs writes custom variables.
;; Spacemacs will copy its content to your dotfile automatically in the
;; function `dotspacemacs/emacs-custom-settings'.
;; Do not alter this file, use Emacs customize interface instead.

(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(package-selected-packages
   '(kubernetes-evil kubernetes magit-popup kubernetes-tramp yasnippet-snippets yapfify yaml-mode xterm-color xclip ws-butler writeroom-mode winum which-key web-beautify volatile-highlights vim-powerline vi-tilde-fringe uuidgen use-package unfill undo-tree typescript-mode treemacs-projectile treemacs-persp treemacs-magit treemacs-icons-dired treemacs-evil toc-org tide texfrag terminal-here term-cursor symon symbol-overlay string-inflection string-edit-at-point sphinx-doc spacemacs-whitespace-cleanup spacemacs-purpose-popwin spaceline-all-the-icons space-doc smeargle shell-pop restart-emacs request rainbow-delimiters quickrun pytest pylookup pyenv-mode pydoc py-isort prettier-js popwin poetry pippel pipenv pip-requirements pcre2el password-generator paradox overseer org-superstar open-junk-file npm-mode nose nodejs-repl nameless mwim multi-vterm multi-term multi-line mmm-mode markdown-toc macrostep lsp-ui lsp-python-ms lsp-pyright lsp-origami lorem-ipsum livid-mode live-py-mode link-hint json-reformat json-navigator json-mode js2-refactor js-doc inspector info+ indent-guide importmagic hybrid-mode hungry-delete holy-mode hl-todo highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers highlight-indentation hide-comnt help-fns+ helm-xref helm-themes helm-swoop helm-pydoc helm-purpose helm-projectile helm-org helm-mode-manager helm-make helm-lsp helm-ls-git helm-git-grep helm-descbinds helm-company helm-c-yasnippet helm-ag google-translate golden-ratio gitignore-templates git-timemachine git-modes git-messenger git-link gh-md fuzzy fsharp-mode forge font-lock+ flycheck-pos-tip flycheck-package flycheck-elsa flx-ido fancy-battery eyebrowse expand-region evil-visualstar evil-visual-mark-mode evil-unimpaired evil-tutor evil-textobj-line evil-surround evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-mc evil-matchit evil-lisp-state evil-lion evil-indent-plus evil-iedit-state evil-goggles evil-exchange evil-evilified-state evil-escape evil-easymotion evil-collection evil-cleverparens evil-args evil-anzu eval-sexp-fu eshell-z eshell-prompt-extras esh-help emr elisp-slime-nav elisp-def editorconfig dumb-jump drag-stuff dotenv-mode dired-quick-sort diminish devdocs define-word dap-mode cython-mode company-anaconda column-enforce-mode code-cells clean-aindent-mode centered-cursor-mode blacken auto-yasnippet auto-highlight-symbol auto-compile aggressive-indent ace-link ace-jump-helm-line ac-ispell)))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 )
